In this section, we have learned about New and Delete as
powerful operators with whom we can effectively manage heap memory.
Unlike malloc and free,
New and Delete also called the constructors and destructors of classes,
which is essential for the concept of object orientation in C++.
In addition, both operators can be overloaded to accommodate their own functionality.
Interestingly, malloc and delete still find an application after all,
as we have seen in the examples in this section.
But as flexible and powerful as New and Delete are as dangerous there are as well.
The language C++ has a reputation for being difficult and
sometimes even confusing with countless possibilities to make mistakes.
This is not least due to the rules of dealing with new and delete and the flexibility of
pointers as we will see in the next section on memory management problems. See you there.